All the news fit to scrape pseudocode:

1. Create a home web page with the following contents:

   a. Header.

      i.    Mongo Scraper link (leads to home page).

      ii.   Home link (leads to home page).

      iii.  Saved articles link (leads to "Saved Articles" page).

      iv.   Clear articles button - clears all articles from mongo database (articledb - article (table))

      v.    The page has "Uh Oh. Looks like we don't have any new articles" message.

      vi.   The page has "What would you like to do?" message.

      vii.  The page has "Try scraping new articles" link.

      viii. The page has "Go to saved articles" link (leads to "Saved Articles" page).

      ix.   "Mongo Scraper New York Times Edition" header. DONE.

      x.    Scrape new articles button.

	    - If the button was clicked or "Try scraping new articles" link is clicked.

                  If the amount of articles in database is less than 20

		      NY Times web site is visited and latest aticles are scraped and stored in article table including (The amount of articles scraped must complement already existing articles to sum to 20):

			      Headline - title of article (shown as link, if it is clicked article url is opened).

			      Summary - a short summary of the article

			      URL - the url to the original article

		      Afterwards, the articles are displayed on home page including headline, summary, and url and "Save aarticle" button next to each article.

		      If "Save article" button is clicked, the article is moved from home page to saved articles page.

   b. Has a footer.

2. Create "Saved Articles" page.

   a. Contains saved articles moved from home page, with "Delete from saved" and "Article Notes" button.

      If "Delete from saved" button is clicked, the article is removed from Article table.

      If "Article Notes" button is clicked,

	    modal pop-up window is opened with header "Notes for article: headline"

	       "No notes for this article yet." default message is displayed

	       New note text box is displayed.

               "Save Note" button is displayed

               If the user enters anything in text box and clicks "Save Note" button.

	       		The contents of the text box is saved in articles table for that article and displayed in the modal window with x button next to it and modal window is closed.

			If x button is clicked, notes are removed from articles table.

    b. Has headline "Saved articles - your saved articles".

    c. Has a footer.

3. Deploy the website to heroku.

			
